[DOCS-1453] Docs for run status change automations (#1329)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/core/automations/automation-events.md

- **Adding a new alias to a version of an artifact**: Trigger a specific step of your workflow when a new artifact version in a project or collection has a specific label or alias applied. For example, run a series of downstream processing steps when an artifact has the `test-set-quality-check` alias applied.

> ### Run events

Reviewer: We should add a UI screenshot here

Author: I decided not to add a screenshot for this for now.

An automation can be triggered by a change in a [run's status]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/runs/#run-states" >}}) or a change in a [metric value]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/log/#what-data-is-logged-with-specific-wb-api-calls" >}}).

> #### Run status change

Reviewer: We should add a UI screenshot here

Author: Added below

{{% alert %}}
- Currently available only in [W&B Multi-tenant Cloud]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/#wb-multi-tenant-cloud" >}}).
- A run with **Killed** status cannot trigger an automation. This status indicates that the run was stopped forcibly by an admin user.
{{% /alert %}}

> Trigger a workflow when a run changes its status to one or more of **Running**, **Finished**, or **Failed**. **Finished** indicates a run that completed successfully. Optionally, you can further limit the runs that can trigger an automation by filtering by the user that started a run or the run's name.

Reviewer 2: This makes it sound like a run can have more than one status. Maybe

```suggestion
Trigger a workflow when a run changes its [status]({{< relref "/guides/runs/_index.md#run-states" >}}) to **Running**, **Finished**, or **Failed**. Optionally, you can further limit the runs that can trigger an automation by filtering by the user that started a run or the run's name.
```

Note: Update link to relref

For example, trigger an automation when average `accuracy` is above `.6`.

> ##### Change threshold

Reviewer 2: This font looks really small...maybe we bump up the size in the CSS?

Author: We rarely need an H5. I dithered just making them bold but thought it would be useful to have a section-level link. Let me see how the sizes are defined and see if it is feasible to adjust it.

Author: Yeah that's what I was afraid of, we really don't have much room to adjust the size of H5. I suspect that H4-H5 is more important to get right than H5-H6, visually. WDYT?

```css
// Heading sizes
h1, .td-content h1 { font-size: 32px !important; }
h2, .td-content h2 { font-size: 24px !important; }
h3, .td-content h3 { font-size: 20px !important; }
h4, .td-content h4 { font-size: 16px !important; }
h5, .td-content h5 { font-size: 14px !important; }
h6, .td-content h6 { font-size: 12px !important; }
```

Author: https://github.com/wandb/docs/pull/1329/files#diff-1eea53605e04631cf5b5307d1f27eb125121316a58c492532d937130b2836e8fR145

> ##### Change threshold

Reviewer: We should add a UI screenshot here

Author: Done

      - Increases by at least
      - Decreases by at least
      - Increases or decreases by at least

For example, trigger an automation when average `loss` decreases by at least `.25`.

> ![Screenshot showing a run metrics change threshold automation](/images/automations/run_metrics_change_threshold_automation.png)

Author: Also added a screenshot here
